welcome to another very exciting Safari
TV diary what an incredible way to start
a day finding a leopard in the dark and
following it to its killer / tree we
follow Misha's distant gaze to find his
brother in doona clearing across the
treetops at him and his kill
as soon as we focused on in doona he
made his way across eliciting of vicious
response from his brother chastise and
with hurt pride in doona settled on a
nearby branch with mishu reinforcing his
ownership by hissing snarling and baring
his teeth
it's hard to believe that this is the
same cat that was at the door of the
jigger just over a week ago once I enid
moved off Misha began feeding and we
noticed how precarious to kill lay over
the branch almost dropping it his
reflexes were lightning-fast grabbing it
with his mouth and nearly losing balance
before repositioning it we left the
Leopards to go to twin dams we had
received word that the sticks Prague
were hitting our way we found him lazing
about with signs of having fed recently
they had full bellies and bloodied faces
and necks and it was good to see them in
an improved condition tarus p.m. dr
rejoined the lion sleeping some distance
from where I left them they were clearly
not going anywhere
the beautiful glow of sunset was a cue
to head back to the drama of the two
leopard brothers whilst I ena searched
the base of the tree for scraps Misha
slept soundly cuddling his kill
tomorrow's diary will discover how the
saga continues so join us then for
another interesting update